documentation/source/Tutorials.rst, before:

=========
Tutorials
=========

These tutorials are here to show examples of basic Gooey GUIs. If you're just starting to learn Gooey, you might want to go through some or all of the tutorials before you make your own GUI.

Basic Window
============

To start using Gooey, go to the terminal and navigate to the project folder. Type in the terminal::

 python3 gooey.py

Your Gooey editor will appear.

.. image:: images/gooeyeditor.png

You can now enter the Gooey language into the editor. 

To start, make an empty window. Type in the editor::

 make Window w. 
 
When you’re ready to run your GUI, go to the *File* menu and select *Run*. 
 
.. image:: images/run.png
 
This is your live preview. Right now it’s a little boring. 

.. image:: images/preview.png

Make the window bigger or smaller with the set command. Type::

 set w size 250.

Now you’re ready to add a button. Type::

 make Button b with text “Hello”.

After you Run, your GUI should look like this

.. image:: images/hello.png

Now that you have a simple layout, you can modify your existing objects further by using the *set* function. Try::

 set w color green.
 
 .. image:: images/green.png

Commit message:

trying to get images to work in documentation

documentation/source/Tutorials.rst, after:

=========
Tutorials
=========

These tutorials are here to show examples of basic Gooey GUIs. If you're just starting to learn Gooey, you might want to go through some or all of the tutorials before you make your own GUI.

Basic Window
============

To start using Gooey, go to the terminal and navigate to the project folder. Type in the terminal::

 python3 gooey.py

Your Gooey editor will appear.

.. image:: documentation/source/images/gooeyeditor.png

You can now enter the Gooey language into the editor. 

To start, make an empty window. Type in the editor::

 make Window w. 
 
When you’re ready to run your GUI, go to the *File* menu and select *Run*. 
 
.. image:: documentation/source/images/run.png
 
This is your live preview. Right now it’s a little boring. 

.. image:: documentation/source/images/preview.png

Make the window bigger or smaller with the set command. Type::

 set w size 250.

Now you’re ready to add a button. Type::

 make Button b with text “Hello”.

After you Run, your GUI should look like this

.. image:: documentation/source/images/hello.png

Now that you have a simple layout, you can modify your existing objects further by using the *set* function. Try::

 set w color green.
 
.. image:: documentation/source/images/green.png

Now, let’s add one more item to our beautiful green window: checkboxes.
Checkboxes have a title and values. The *title* sits just above the checkboxes. The *value* attribute is followed by a list of strings, or text within quotation marks. These strings list how many checkboxes you want, and what they’ll be labeled. The *default* attribute marks which checkboxes will be automatically checked.
